Update meshConnectivity claims (#393)
precice/openfoam-adapter: changelog-entries/394.md

> Refactored `isLocationTypeSupported` across all modules. FSI now allows mesh connectivity when writing Displacement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated `isLocationTypeSupported` across all modules to remove unreachable conditions and to better reflect the implementation. FSI now allows mesh connectivity when writing Displacement.
```
